---
layout: post
title: One week of the blues
category: her
---

I am finally alone. It was a busy day. Not for me, but for the gym. I did pretty much nothing all day. I woke up early as usual, but decided not to start my day, so I kept on sleeping. It was a good call. I woke up again at 9, then I had to start. After a while, I decided not to train today.

I thought about the week for a moment, is that it? Am I sad? I didn’t think so. It was just one of those days. I had been sleeping poorly and had had too many people around. I like being alone. I need to be alone sometimes. Most of the time. I really need to recharge. And today was a bad day for that. All these people around. And none of them is him. If I could only be with him… But no. It wasn’t that either. It was just one of those days. There are always those days. And this was one of them.

A week has passed. I don’t really know how I feel about that. Actually, I feel nothing about that. I don’t really think measuring time is the way to go. It is important in “real life”, yes, but I think it can be misleading. I rather not think about that, not measure time. I rather not measure our relationship like that. One month, one week, one year, one lustrum, one decade, one century, one nothing, one everything, one nonsense to distract us from what is more important now. And I’m really happy that he is more important now. I keep being surprised by how important he is to me. I sure wasn’t expecting any of that, and here we are. 

I try to be thankful everyday (not that I always remember). I am thankful for the good things in my life. My health, my brain, the little things during the day like some really good banana I ate or the songs that made my day a bit better; the big things during my whole life, my parents and my brothers and my education and many other things. And now him. I am thankful for him. And I don’t really need someone or something to be thankful to. I am just thankful, it’s something within myself. I feel like people deserve nothing. Nothing good, nothing bad. There is nothing in the fabric of the universe that states we should all be happy or sad, that justice should be served or “good” people should have it easier or “bad” people shouldn’t be happy. Most of the times, random shit just happens to us; but we have to be careful and notice when a pretty good random shit is going on, and then grab it and not let go (ocassio calvata).  And I am thankful I didn’t let it go. And I know I’m lucky and I treasure this relationship and I treasure him. 

I like being alone, and I like being with him. And in the middle there’s that sweet spot where I am thankful we found each other. Or rather, that we randomly came across each other in this ocean of chaos and luck.
