---
layout: post
title: Time & dreams
category: her
---
We no longer count the days. At the beginning, we used to count how many days had passed since he left. The first day was important, the first week was important, the first month was important. And then, it no longer mattered. We both forgot about the second month. We both stopped counting how long since we were apart.

I’m not sure about what that could mean. Are we more confident now? Do we no longer care? I think this is the sort of thing that is better left unanalyzed. 

---
Today I took a nap, and I dreamt a lot. I like to dream. No. I love to dream. I enjoy dreaming and I think it’s an important part of my life. I have whole stories made up from dreams, with continuity and recurring characters. I also have a couple of unfinished quests and a whole area dedicated to my musical dreams. There’s also the lucid dreams, those I used for training certain things. There’s also one very big saga of dreams, in which I search for “my” place, my home. Sometimes is a place I once had, sometimes is a new place I have to find and it’s meant to be mine. Either way, I never really get there. There’s adventure and mystery, but never really get there.  I have to go through mountains and rivers and talk and fight with people, but never really get there. I get really close, I gather a lot of information, but never really get there. And I love those dreams. I wonder if he will ever become part of my search for home. Today I had a couple of lucid dreams and a musical one. The musical was fun and although he wasn’t there, a part of the song was about him. I think he has never appeared in my dreams; I have dreamt about him though, he’s been in my dream mind.

I don’t give meaning to my dreams anymore, but I do think they represent who I am, and they are a very important part of who I am. He is a very important part of my life now and I wonder how much of who I am will be defined by who we are in the relationship.

I go to sleep thinking about him, and I wake up thinking about him. 

You are the most important person in my life, love. 
Siempre. 
